Specify pattern types in `let` statements and `for` expressions (#663)
rust-lang-nursery/reference: src/expressions/loop-expr.md

A `for` expression is a syntactic construct for looping over elements provided
by an implementation of `std::iter::IntoIterator`. If the iterator yields a

> value, that value is assigned to the irrefutable pattern, the body of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
value, that value is matched against the irrefutable pattern, the body of the
```

> loop is executed and then control returns to the head of the `for` loop. If the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
loop is executed, and then control returns to the head of the `for` loop. If the
```
The Oxford comma should stay there.
